[RW2.0] Enable fast metadata look up for Remote Write 2.0 (#17436)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

  # which means that all samples are sent.
  [ sample_age_limit: <duration> | default = 0s ]

# Configures the sending of series metadata to remote storage.
#

> # For Remote Write v1 (`prometheus.WriteRequest`):

Reviewer: At all occurrences, the official name has a hyphen (see https://prometheus.io/docs/specs/prw/remote_write_spec/) and writes out the version.

```suggestion
# For Remote-Write 1.0 (`prometheus.WriteRequest`):
```

#   - `send: true` enables periodic batch sending of metadata from scrape cache
#   - Metadata is sent separately from samples
#
# For Remote Write v2 (`io.prometheus.write.v2.Request`):
#   - Metadata is always sent inline with samples

> #   - When WAL metadata is missing and `send: true`:

Reviewer: People might not know the details, let's state this in terms of documented configuration:

```suggestion
#   - When `metadata-wal-records` feature flag is disabled and `send: true`:
```
